ACRONYMS :
    IMF : Initial Mass Function
    gwIMF : galaxy-wide Initial Mass Function
    IGIMF : Integrated Galaxy-wide Initial Mass Function
    OSGIMF : Optimally-Sampled integrated Galaxy-wide Initial Mass Function
    ECL : Embedded Cluster
    CSFE : Correlated Star Formation Event
    SFR : Star Formation Rate
    SFRD : Star Formation Rate Density
    SFMR : Star Formation (rate)-(galaxy stellar) Mass Relation
    SFZR : Star Formation (rate)-Metallicity Relation
    MZR : (galaxy stellar) Mass-(gas) Metallicity Relation
    GSMF : Galaxy Stellar Mass Function
    ZDF : Metallicity Density Function
  
  
INDEX :
    0 : Building the IGIMF(SFR, Z) and the SFR(Z, z)
        00 : Constructing and testing the Star and EmbeddedCluster IMF classes, now part of the imf module.
        01 : Computing and visualizing the SFMR, MZR and SFZR relations, as well as the involved interpolation steps. Implemented in Notebook 24.
        02 : Fitting the GSMF plots from Chruslinska et al. (2019) to a Schechter function in order to obtain the GSMF per redshift.
        03 : Interpolating the correction data from Chrushlinska et al. (2020) to any value of the Kroupa IMF. Implemented in Notebook 24.
        04 : Computation of a small SFR(Z,z) grid using the steps from Notebooks 23 and 24, as well as saving the SFR grid as a text file to be read by Notebook 26. "Analytical" means an SFZR is obtained by solving the MZR and SFMR for the SFR and eliminating the mass. This yields an equation valid for a small region of the parameter space.
        05 : (NOT WORKING) Computation of the full SFR(Z,z) distribution by integrating the publicly available SFRD(Z,z) data from Chruslinska et al. (2020). Uses the SFR class from the sfr module in order to analitically compute the galaxy number density n(Z,z) so that SFR(Z,z) = n(Z,z) X SFRD(Z,z).
        06 : Computation of the full SFR(Z,z) distribution by reproducing the steps from Chruslinska et al. (2020) of sampling. Results in a limited relation due to lack of dispersion.
        07 : Final integration of the IGIMF as a function of Z and z by applying SFR(Z,z) as an analytical expression.

    1 : Sampling the GSMF and the IMF
        10 : Testing and comparing the OptimalSampling and RandomSampling classes from the sampling module.
        11 : Sampling the GSMF for a representative sample of galaxy masses at each redshift, which decide the metallicity and SFR.
        12 : Sample stellar masses as in Notebook 11, then assign them an SFR and metallicity in order to build a representative grid
             of SFR, Z pairs at different redshifts. Saves the grid as a .pkl file to be read by Notebook 34.
        13 : Examples of OGIMFs.
        14 : Generates the OGIMFs from the grid generated by Notebook 32.

    2 : Post-processing
        20 : Prepare BCO grid files for the classification pipeline.
        21 : Filtering a COMPAS sample following the method of Neijssel's CosmicIntegration. Well documented.
     	22 : (FUTURE) From a homogeneus COMPAS-evolved sample, use the IGIMF to select representative samples of chosen (Z, z) pairs.   
     	
    3 : Analysis
    	30 : (FUTURE) 
